# SP General

Just a few helpers I like to keep around for development.

## Tidy 

Allows for the use of tidy with a specific config. If you look at it you can figure out where to put your config.

## PHP Unserialize & Serialize

Uses PHP's serialize and a custom serialize snippet to allow for easy viewing and/or modification of Serialized data.

## JSON Decode

Uses PHP's JSON decode function to allow for easy viewing of JSON encoded data.

## \n to line break

Quick SED one liner to translate \n chars in to real line breaks. Helps when viewing serialized data or data that's been shoved to the error log.

## strip blank lines

Strip all blank lines in a document.

## Base64 Encode

Base 64 encode the contents of the file.

## Append to end of line(s)

Allows for text to be appended to all of the selected lines.

## Copy File Path

Copy the path to the current file to the clipboard.

## PayPeriod

Takes a CSV formatted in the CF recent line items format and condenses it down to just the hours recorded and adds in a total. That's all I'm gonna say about that.

## urlDecode

Uses PHP's urldecode function to show the decoded version of an encoded URL.

## Tally Estimate Hours

Adds the Tally of hours in a CF formatted Estimate document.

### Required Document Format

	# My Project Development Plan
	_2010-05-11_

	---

	## Section One

	- bullet
	- another bullet

	### Sub-section one

	blah

	### Sub-section two

	blah, aigh’t?!

	### Time

	36 hrs
	8 hrs testing
	12 hrs revisions 

	---

### Result

The following section is added to the end of the file. Previous Totals sections are removed, no matter where they're found in the document.

	## Totals

	- time: 104.0 hrs
	- time testing: 42.0 hrs testing
	- time revisions: 42.0 hrs revisions
	- total: 188.0 hrs

~shawn